hi guys this is care products tested
calm today we're reviewing the Kelly
item 75 case and protective case for
iPad it's ultra trough it's waterproof
as you can see the iPad sits nicely
inside and it's got room underneath
Effie cables etc and even the charge s
I'm going here we're not going to use my
iPad to test it what we've got is a
little bit tacky but it's the same width
as the iPad we'll put a bulb in the
middle the ball will sit nicely in here
this section and it seems thicker since
I've had an ocean conceal fit nicely in
there so we know if it flips is too much
it will break
cements of your waterproof so let's go
well that's right so it folks okay it's
obviously sealed well you can see
there's actually this bird hit that
quite hard and it's not really gouged it
much which is good still in those
guys if you leave it out in their own
on something a bit more solid it's only
meant to drop calm three foot so bit of
a scuffle there some scoffs here on the
front
let's check this yes just a bit of drool
all tester right I'm for you in the West
it's still really well sealed you could
hear the suction is that good it's fine
it's quite surprised about largely what
it's fine that's the Spade test passed
right this is the aftermath of the
testing we've done on the Pelle item 75
case today overall a really good case
alter Tov absolutely brilliant and well
worth in the new if you ever need altar
protection for your iPad get the open 75
that's what was going it's totally
waterproof
a Bosch Prufrock that you can kick it
you can go everything we've done and
it's still just protected whatever
whatever's inside I'm over all actually
brilliant welding Peleg